Lesson 3 Reflections
1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
If there is a large team project, working on a remote repository would be great. It would also
be a good idea if you weren't able to be on your own computer where the rest of your files were.

2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Other code that people have committed to the remote may conflict with something you are working on.
You wouldn't want to disrupt what you are currently doing.

3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Cloning - is making a copy of a repository, keeping all the previous commit history. You could do this to Fork.
Fork - is essentially cloning someone else's repository so you can start to use it and make changes for your own purpose.
Branching - Creating a branch is just creating a name underwhich commits are made other than on master.

4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

The benefit is that it gives you something to compare to as you are working. If you need, it is
something you can revert to as well.

5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Without git you could still use another versioning methodology, but it would be harder to communicate and coordinate changes
without git and the branch, commit structure. It would also be difficult to know when someone wanted to merge in,
it also creates accountability with the right person to fix their mistakes before merging code.

6. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
I think this would make sense and is worth the work to force you to manage confilcts with changes when doing large feature work,
bug fixes, and many other areas of development. It's work, but a really nice way to keep the keep things clean.
