Lesson 2 Reflections
1. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
a git folder was created that will hold all the details and 'meta' data for
the history of the repository. Without it there would be no way to track the changes.

2. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
  What value do you think it offers?

  Staging area is a place to temporarily queue up the files you want to eventually
  commit together to the repository. This is nice because it might keep the size
  of your repository down

3. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per
  logical change?

  With the 'diff' comparisons I can check the files I am commiting to make sure
  even if I was working on different files or problems, to only commit the things
  that go together logically

  4. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
  history organized? How would branches help?

  The branch would be nice to maintain your old production code intact, while you
  work on new features. You could potentially have multiple branches for multiple
  features if you wanted. Or for larger bugs.

  This is also a way to work on major re-writes.

5. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

  It makes it easy to see how things relate to each other. And maybe show where
  you can't relate things or need more steps to merge

6. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it
  in the diagram the way we do?
The result of merging is that all the files are merged together and it is a way
to bring code that was being developed back into the original. Showing it on the
diagram the way we do, shows what is most up-to-date and where what branches have
which code.

7. What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
  manually?

Pros of automatic marging is that it can catch a lot of things that never need
your attention, making less overall work. Cons are that sometimes there is a lot
of investigative work that you have to do to get a merge to workout the way you
want it to.
